#!/usr/bin/perl

use strict;
use warnings;

use App::Module::Template;

our $VERSION = '0.01';

App::Module::Template->run(@ARGV);

__END__

=pod

=head1 NAME

module-template - Perl project scaffolding

=head1 VERSION

This documentation refers to module-template version 0.01.

=head1 USAGE

    module-template Module::Name

    module-template Module::Name -c /path/to/config

    module-template Module::Name -t /path/to/templates

=head1 REQUIRED ARGUMENTS

The only required argument is a valid module name.

=head1 OPTIONS

    -c Path to configuration file

    -t Path to template directory

=head1 DESCRIPTION

=head1 REQUIREMENTS

None.

=head1 DIAGNOSTICS

None.

=head1 CONFIGURATION

Edit $HOME/.module-template/config.

=head1 EXIT STATUS

None.

=head1 DEPENDENCIES

=over

=item * App::Module::Template

=back

=head1 INCOMPATIBILITIES

None reported.

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS

No bugs have been reported.

Please report any issues or feature requests to C<tscornpropst@gmail.com>. Patches are welcome.

=head1 AUTHOR

Trevor S. Cornpropst C<< tscornpropst@gmail.com >>

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2014, Trevor S. Cornpropst C<< tscornpropst@gmail.com >>. All rights reserved.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the the Artistic License (2.0). You may obtain a
copy of the full license at:

L<http://www.perlfoundation.org/artistic_license_2_0>

Any use, modification, and distribution of the Standard or Modified
Versions is governed by this Artistic License. By using, modifying or
distributing the Package, you accept this license. Do not use, modify,
or distribute the Package, if you do not accept this license.

If your Modified Version has been derived from a Modified Version made
by someone other than you, you are nevertheless required to ensure that
your Modified Version complies with the requirements of this license.

This license does not grant you the right to use any trademark, service
mark, tradename, or logo of the Copyright Holder.

This license includes the non-exclusive, worldwide, free-of-charge
patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import and
otherwise transfer the Package with respect to any patent claims
licensable by the Copyright Holder that are necessarily infringed by the
Package. If you institute patent litigation (including a cross-claim or
counterclaim) against any party alleging that the Package constitutes
direct or contributory patent infringement, then this Artistic License
to you shall terminate on the date that such litigation is filed.

Disclaimer of Warranty: THE PACKAGE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER
AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES.
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT ARE DISCLAIMED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY
YOUR LOCAL LAW. UNLESS REQUIRED BY LAW, NO COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR
CONTRIBUTOR WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THE PACKAGE,
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

=cut

